com/getext/utils/ocr/TextRecognitionException.java
 com.getext.utils.ocr.TextRecognitionException
com/getext/room/database/GetextDatabase.java
 com.getext.room.database.GetextDatabase
com/getext/GetextApplication.java
 com.getext.GetextApplication
com/getext/activity/HomeActivity.java
 com.getext.activity.HomeActivity
 com.getext.activity.HomeActivity$1
com/getext/activity/ImagePreviewActivity.java
 com.getext.activity.ImagePreviewActivity
com/getext/firebase/FirebaseAnalyticsHelper.java
 com.getext.firebase.FirebaseAnalyticsHelper
com/getext/keys/AppKeys.java
 com.getext.keys.AppKeys
com/getext/room/dao/RecognizedTextDao.java
 com.getext.room.dao.RecognizedTextDao
com/getext/utils/logger/Logger.java
 com.getext.utils.logger.Logger
com/getext/activity/PrivacyPolicyActivity.java
 com.getext.activity.PrivacyPolicyActivity
com/getext/BuildConfig.java
 com.getext.BuildConfig
com/getext/activity/ScanResultActivity.java
 com.getext.activity.ScanResultActivity
com/getext/utils/AppUtils.java
 com.getext.utils.AppUtils
com/getext/utils/preferences/SharedPreferenceHelper.java
 com.getext.utils.preferences.SharedPreferenceHelper
com/getext/room/entity/RecognizedText.java
 com.getext.room.entity.RecognizedText
com/getext/repository/RecognizedTextRepository.java
 com.getext.repository.RecognizedTextRepository
com/getext/activity/viewmodel/HomeActivityViewModel.java
 com.getext.activity.viewmodel.HomeActivityViewModel
com/getext/adapter/RecognizedTextAdapter.java
 com.getext.adapter.RecognizedTextAdapter
 com.getext.adapter.RecognizedTextAdapter$1
 com.getext.adapter.RecognizedTextAdapter$BannerAdViewHolder
 com.getext.adapter.RecognizedTextAdapter$MenuItemClickListener
 com.getext.adapter.RecognizedTextAdapter$RecognizedTextViewHolder
com/getext/activity/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.getext.activity.SplashScreenActivity
com/getext/firebase/FirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.getext.firebase.FirebaseMessagingService
com/getext/activity/EditImageActivity.java
 com.getext.activity.EditImageActivity
com/getext/utils/ocr/TextRecognizer.java
 com.getext.utils.ocr.TextRecognizer
